Welcome. Thank you very much for coming. Thank you for participating. Thank you everyone. Thank you
so much. Thank you.
Again, today, we're going to talk about really about this sadhana. Sadhana, and generally,
this is one of the very important practices of the Vedayana teachings. And as I mentioned, and you
all know,
you know, the Vedaya, generally, the Buddha teaching is all connected. There's no introduction.
There's no contradictions. All is connected. Everything follows the same way. From the first time,
the greatest teacher of all of you, teaching is known as the Four Noble Truths. Anything
continually, all the basic Buddhist school teachings, Sutra Mahayana teachings, Vedayana Mahayana
teachings,
all are lined up. There's nothing, any kind of contradictions. Every teaching is to explore our
goodness,
our beautiful nature, nature of our sun, nature of all beings. So that's how all the teachings line
up.
And I want again to explore the teaching. That means the teaching is not just outside of somebody's
talking to that, alien things to us. Teaching is our goodness. Each of our goodness,
our traditions, our beauties, beauty of our nature of the mind, beauty of our spirit, beauty of our
present, beauty of the poem, beauty of the song, beauty of the soft spaces. That is what we explore
.
When we discover completely this beautifulness, beauty and goodness call it, that state is known
as the Buddha word, enlightenment. Is there something that enlightenment is coming from outside?
Reality level according Buddhism in the teaching said that as well as all the great masters echoed
throughout the centuries. Though every goodness, every enlightened call it is within us. But we
mishandled. We mishandled, we missed the point. We've been looking for, looking out all the time
with expectations. Something had to come from outside. But reality is all here. We have to explore.
That's what really the teaching always measured. Now to explore the teaching, how are we going to
do this?
This is known as the great master, Ng Cheba, measured in the teaching. Teaching known as
three noblities or three supreme ones or nobles. And that which three, this noble one is also
changing partitionology. Our great teacher, he always reminds us one after another that every
our practice should be put in the frame of these three nobles. Three noble. Then it is perfect. Why
?
The beginning is a good noble, middle is a noble, continuity is noble. We know that noble, that
must
be noble. Then it looks noble, songs noble, it is noble. So if we like to call it that, that's the
thing what we should do. These three nobles. So now I'm going to talk this really about that
frame of the three noble and I'll talk about this Dapini light as sadness and now